hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2019 horror film
escape room
starring taylor russell
warning spoilers ahead
a puzzle cube is presented to six people
from different backgrounds zoe a physics
student jason a wealthy day trader ban a
stock boy mike a truck driver amanda an
iraq war veteran and danny an escape
room enthusiast
they are invited to participate in an
escape room with a ten thousand dollar
prize if they solve the puzzle
the participants arrive at an office
building without being greeted and when
ben tries to leave the door handle falls
off signaling the start of the challenge
they managed to get out of the first two
rooms which include a massive heating
oven and a winter cabin
however once the key is found the rooms
become deadly
danny drowns after falling through the
ice in an icy room amanda dies in an
upside down billiards bar where parts of
the floor fall into a deep shaft below
jason kills mike to solve a puzzle in a
hospital room filled with poisonous gas
and ben kills jason in a room filled
with optical illusions and strobe lights
over an antidote required to escape
after escaping the final room where a
wall moves inwards to crush him ben
meets the game master who controls the
game that the puzzle maker designed
the game master explains that every year
they attract players who have something
in common and wealthy viewers wager on
the outcome with the current game
attracting soul survivors of previous
disasters
the game master tries to kill ben but
zoe steps in and saves him and the two
of them kill the game master together
zoe returns to the building with a
detective while ben recovers
because all evidence of the game has
vanished the police do not believe zoe
they don't believe ben either because he
was found to be under the influence of
drugs
while looking at the graffiti on the
wall zoe notices the words no way out
which she recognizes as an anagram for
wooten you implying that the game isn't
over yet
six months later zoe meets up with ben
and shows him newspaper articles in
which the deaths of the other players
were misconstrued as common occurrences
zoe refuses to move on when ben suggests
it
she gives ben hints that point to an
unlisted manhattan building
ben agrees to accompany her on her
journey
the puzzle maker on the other hand is
already planning to turn their flight
into a new deadly survival game
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time